Challenge Solution - also mentioned in solution.txt file separately

How to run
1. Clone project to directory(go workspace recommended)
2. open project directory on terminal, run below command
   go build -> to check if build issues any
   go run main.go -> it'll run the project,with server running on port 8000(Do make sure no other program is running on port 8000)

Run these url in any browser or on any API tester like postman
1. To check the final output - i.e if delivery is possible for the given inputs
   http://localhost:8000/QubeCinema/Isdeliverable
2. To see the partner details
   http://localhost:8000/QubeCinema/PartnerDetails
3. To see input details
   http://localhost:8000/QubeCinema/InputDetails
4. To see partner capacity input details
   http://localhost:8000/QubeCinema/PartnerCapacityDetails


Challenge Understanding

Partners.csv
1.This file contains information about theatre
2.it's allowed size slab in the range(in GB's)
3.cost per GB charged by Partner(partner ID given)
4.partner id for the theatre for the given slab range


Problem 1

Input.csv
1. Delivery ID - unique id of each delivery
2. size of delivery - required content size by each theatre
3. Theatre ID - Theatre to which it'll be delivered

Problem Understanding
Three things to tell
1.If delivery is possible for the given theatre for the required content size
2.Who will deliver it - Partner (Partner ID)
3.What will be the cost of delivery
Observations to arrive at solution
1.Theatre required content size will give us in which rage it's lying, so we can arrive at
decision that which partner can deliver to that theatre which can provide it
2.once we get to know which partner is delivering for that theatre and in which slab it's lying,
then we calculate cost which will be occurring for it
if that cost is less than the minimum cost, then the minimum cost will be returned

Output
1.Delivery ID - the delivery id of the given input delivery ID
2.true/false - whether delivery is possible or not, if true - possible, if false - not possible
3.Cost of delivery
4.Delivery Partner, which will be delivering it


Problem 2

Input.csv
1. Delivery ID - unique id of each delivery
2. size of delivery - required content size by each theatre
3. Theatre ID - Theatre to which it'll be delivered

Problem Understanding
It's in sync with first one and the next level check to problem one
1. Now we know it if delivery is possible for the given theatre and with what cost
2. Now we've to minimize the overall cost of all deliveries
3. Every partner holds the capacity, i.e the maximum it can deliver
4. So while assigning delivery partner's to each theatre with the given delivery id
the things to keep in mind is
a. Partner is left with that much capacity that it can deliver,
b. even if the partner is having capacity to delivery with the minimum charge per GB for that theatre,
we need to check if we're getting overall cost minimum for the all deliveries

Output
1. Delivery ID - unique id of each delivery
2. size of delivery - required content size by each theatre
3. Theatre ID - Theatre to which it'll be delivered
Output will be same except one thing, overall cost will be minimized and all the providing partner's will be delivered under capacity

Note
I tried to solve second problem but not able to come with the exact solution, so mentioned the approach to solve it.


